I never thought I'd get my afternoon nap
to work out with this rec centers so
awesome SFA campus recreation offers
many great programs events educational
clinics and classes to all of its
student recreation members our main
program areas our facility and
membership services fitness and wellness
intramural sports sport clubs aquatics
outdoor pursuits and safety SFA campus
rec has something for everyone whether
you work out every day love the great
outdoors or just want to have a great
time with your fellow lumberjacks
campus rec aquatics offers a 270 foot
lazy river large-capacity spa diving
well flat plains and an open recreation
area for everyone to enjoy this pool is
heated year-round so you may lounge in
the spa which holds up to 30 people you
can also hang out at the courtyard and
play sand volleyball or basketball with
your friends maybe the prima classe is
awesome and these hips don't lie weak
campus rec fitness and wellness has so
much to offer SFA students including
educational events personal training
fitness assessment and analysis massage
therapy and nutrition assessment
analysis and counseling fitness and
wellness also offers free group exercise
classes a couple examples are power
sculpting turbo kick Zumba hip hop
kickboxing Pilates yoga indoor cycling
and trip until
you
yeah I can't wait to go the rec center
my new i am not sure i get my swole on
dot dot second one this semester our
interval sports program offers sports
ranging from single day to multi weekly
tournaments you can choose from
individual and team competitions events
include traditional sports such as flag
football soccer basketball and softball
as well as non-traditional events
including for shoes wallyball kickball
racquetball rock climbing in sports
trivia
OMG that rock wall is so huge I feel
like it's climb Mount Everest dot dot
whoa outdoor pursuits offers outdoor
trips clinics rental equipment and a
friendly staff that has every resource
you need to enjoy the outdoors you have
access to 2,300 feet of climbing space
on our impressive 34-foot indoor
climbing wall whether you're on campus
are headed outdoors campus rec outdoor
pursuits has everything you need in
OMG start outside I just hear the campus
redcats a women's soccer club can't wait
to sign up all campus recreation sport
clubs are student-run organizations
allowing participants the gain
leadership experience friendly
competition and most of all fun we have
over 18 different sport clubs including
fast fishing inline hockey judo men's
basketball rodeo rugby tenants
skateboarding lacrosse men and women's
soccer and more we can't wait for you to
get involved here at campus rec we
believe there's something for everybody
follow us on twitter blogger facebook
youtube and at ww SF asu edu backsplash
campus rec aksam jacks
you